[Music]
annie just came back from a business
trip
found one more in the house labyrinth
made of cardboard boxes
this is made by her boyfriend dave what
surprised annie was
dave got lost in this doghouse like maze
haven't come out for three days
this makes annie very broken this small
maze of cardboard boxes
make it impossible for an adult to get
out how naive is this
she called her boyfriend's good friend
gordon want him to enlighten dave
gordon will be here soon it's hard for
him to understand
an adult why did you do such a naive
thing he called their mutual friend away
but away is not the only one here away
thinks dave's behavior is very
interesting
plan to make a documentary for him he
called everyone he met on the road
everyone is curious about this carton
maze want to go in to explore the
competition
want to go in and find out although dave
has repeatedly stated not to come in
but everyone still can't resist
curiosity got in together
after entering the maze they found out
that the inside is really big
there is actually a mechanism that is
not allowed to be pressed
next second i feel so painful across the
screen
go inside the more people find it
incredible
it's a superb workmanship there is
actually a piano corridor
everyone is having fun here annie is
worried that dave is in danger
then they set off again this time i came
to a garbage hut this time they were
stunned
thousand paper cranes actually came
alive actually attacked them
here is full of all kinds of weirdness
just when they panic
the door of the hut is slowly closing
it's too late to quit
no way can only escape from the paper
giant's mouth
from the outside a paper maze the size
of a doghouse
it can fit a building inside they found
this maze
not the same as before flying thousand
paper cranes
moving paper giant one there are also
strange institutions
inadvertently this woman triggered the
mechanism next second
the sky is spraying wine with red color
bars everyone is horrified
immediately fled into another room after
calm down
annie unknown why did dave make a
sandman mechanism
at this time bryn ran in with a
horrified face
she told everyone her boyfriend got
caught when bryn let everyone to check
but i found out that my boyfriend was
gone anna who was about to collapse took
out a utility knife
she is going to cut the paper wall but i
didn't expect the paper shell to be hard
a strange wind hits a muscular paper
shelled tauren in the distance
walked towards them brynn made soy sauce
in an instant
everyone was scared and started to run
tauren chased after
the way to escape everyone ran into dave
by accident
annie questioned him what is happening
dave said he didn't know the situation
either
i just wanted to create a kennel sized
fan announcement but i didn't expect it
to be built bigger
all monsters come alive just take
everyone got into a carton
this is a magical passage when they come
out
all become carton people shall we press
all here
we should keep going unexpectedly there
are still many organs here
fortunately after they came out of
another channel back to the original
dave walked out of the maze but found
that the maze came alive
constantly expanding even the home has
become part of the maze
they passed by a hut i found brynn who
had been soy sauce
at this time brynn has become a carton
person she has been tempting everyone to
give him high fives
but everyone is not fooled directly
wrapped her with a rope
bryn uncovered turned into a huge hand
because the other end of the rope is
wrapped around the photographer's feet
he also naturally beaten soy sauce in
order to let everyone escape this maze
dave thought of his theory when he made
the maze only complete the maze
to destroy the maze the maze is not yet
complete
there is still a lack of end device so
dave quickly built the end quantity
device
sure enough it's a small craftsman then
dave stood up
the knife chopped down with the n-volume
device destroyed
there was a strong wind in the maze
violent shaking around
the walls also began to collapse when
they wake up
found myself lying in a pile of
cardboard boxes they are saved
successfully escaped from the maze after
the story is drunk
was thrown under the carton in a garbage
dump minotaur actually got out
don't know in the real world minotaur
chasing people
or a group of people chasing the
minotaur i am on the cloud
see you next time